# Description
These are the python scripts required to perfrom DID-based authentication. 
The setup folder contains some setup scripts that must be run only once. These
scipts set up the pool, the corresponding wallets, and DIDs. The server script
is used by the oauth server in order to generate a proof request, as well as
in order to verify a proof. The client script is used by clients in order to 
generate a proof

# Set up
These scripts assume an existing pool of Indy nodes. Moreover, these scripts
require Indy-SDK.
In all (5) files replace the variables pool_name and pool_genesis_txn_path with 
the correct values. Edit the file setup/1.setup_pool_and_wallets.py and modify
the variables steward_id, steward_seed and steward_conf_did accordingly. Then run
this scipt. 

As a next step run the script setup/2.create_schema_and_credentials.py This script
will output some python code. This code should be tranferred to the following files: 
setup/3.issue_credentials.py, client.py and server.py.

Finally, execute the script setup/3.issue_credentials.py

# Executing clients and servers
The first time the oauth server receives a request executes the server.py script with
inputs "generate" and a nonce, e.g., server.py generate "12345678". The scripr outputs a 
proof request which is sent back to the client. The client generates a proof. The clien.py 
can generate this proof by executing client.py '<proof request>' where <proof request> is the proof request
outputed by the server in the previous step. The client outputs the proof. 
Then the server script is executed with inputs "verify", the nonce used in 
the first step, and the proof generated by the client (enclosed in sigle quotes).
The server then verifies the proof and outputs the role of the client. 
